How come?
Didn't you say that the power of Wuji Temple in Beihai
Have you slaughtered them all?
Yang Shang was not robbed
It's just four fish that slip through the net
Hahaha
You four are loyal
Beyond my attack
Dare to die
Well, in that case
I fulfill you
Take someone and put them down for me
Run, run
Go fast
Come on.
Let's go
That's not possible.
The people I brought today are all very talented
The North Sea is the pinnacle of existence.
Why are you vulnerable here?
Hahaha ok
If so
I hate you guys
Breaking through the air and slashing you is a gas kill to solve the upper broken lip
I didn't expect you to have some knowledge
Then you are
Wuji Temple Swordsman
Army-breaking Ouyang Xia
Wuji Temple Swordsman Oriental Oriental Autumn
Infinity Palace Swordsman Huang Fu
Huang Fudong, the four of you came here together
Seven Kill Pojun Dongfang Hengfu
Help is late
Ask the owner to punish